# Game of Tic Tak Toe
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/zjNhwf0DJPQ>
#### Description:
Hello everyone! this is my final project of cs50P where I will demonstrate my project on Tic-Tac-Toe. The Tic-Tac-Toe Game Implementation is a Python project that digitally recreates the traditional pen-and-paper game of Tic-Tac-Toe. This project explains object-oriented programming principles and provides users with an interactive game experience.The gameplay allows two players (human vs computer) to engage in a game as "X" and "O". Currently it uses python terminal as the interaction interface. It prints the result of each  game to announce the winner.
The project includes a suite of pytest unit tests that verify the correctness of various game functionalities, including initializing the game board, making moves, checking for a winner. By building a game engine that controls the game state and player actions, this project offers as a good introduction to object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts such as classes, objects, and inheritance. It provides hands-on expertise in developing a user-friendly command-line interface (CLI) to aid in user interactions. It also consist of restart functionality which showcases how to manage the flow of a program and provide an enhanced user experience.
Overall, the Tic-Tac-Toe Game Implementation project combines coding skills with game design concepts, making it an ideal learning exercise for Python developers looking to improve their programming abilities while having fun with a classic game.
